The secret treasure left by the Daoist has a trace of being opened.
How is that possible?
The secret treasure is the Daoist Martial Soul's.
The Daoist Martial Soul is here.
Let's start.
Prior to becoming Titan too,
leaving you in a hole has helped me become the之 where I belong.
Oh, that.
It's a good trick at least.
I thought that every case would be handled into a corner.
I'm leaving.
You're so arrogant.
Then,
you're ready to
take the punishment of the Heavenly Dao, right?
Phantasmagoria L medical
Since the Last Ch과
My fair subjects lit the fire, killing Castellan Wang, we haven't expected one of such small
だけ
Turn off the video.
Start playing Soul Re maid.
Imagining場
Feels like being in heaven
Ah...
Hm...
Now the entire space of the heavens
must listen to my command.
Ah...
Shi...
What on earth are you trying to do?
My outfit A My outfit The scene that pretty girl with fine hair came to faint OK OK
with the help of the First Custodian of the Human Realm,
to carry out a comprehensive investigation.
The case is being fully investigated.
Friends of the Songhai,
I am the First Custodian of the Human Realm, Bai Cheng.
Recently,
two of the Ten Thousand Year-Old Sinners
escaped from the Ghost House.
They are
Wang Lin, who committed the Custodian of the Food and Drug,
and Wang Nuan, who committed the Custodian of the Demon-Tongue.
These two fugitives are extremely dangerous.
They are impossible to harm.
Today, the cultivation world has entered the highest level of combat.
They will attack the two fugitives all over the world.
They will capture them and put them in the dark.
They will be the one hundred billion people.
What?
A informant!
What is the First Cultivator of the Human World talking about?
Yeah,
Senior Brother Wang is only 19 years old.
How could he be an outsider?
Wang Liang, don't worry.
All brothers believe that you're innocent.
Don't stay too long.
piace a 9w
I said don't stay too long.
justpress
You both stay here and wait for us to get you.
do not take sides
i will protect you
can not
or leave
you can not
just finish it
go
овой
Young Master Qian.
Why did you betray me?
Senior Guang!
Go to hell!
Stop him!
Hold on!
What on earth is going on?
Is it mere a dream?
I saw it.
Run!
Damn it!
She hesitated just now.
She should have broken Wang Li's leg.
One hundred billion!
She has one hundred billion of spiritual power!
The first hero of the world is Lord Bai Zhe.
Please give us your order.
The King of the Taobao is running in the direction of Qitian Paradise.
Senior Brother!
You!
Why are you catching me?
I'm just a dog!
Mr Zhu Chief the demon king has fallen The suspect parents are also being arrested in the market They are all the victims of the assault There is a possibility of cover Do you have anything to say
No.
Don't hit him. Don't hit him.
Continue the interrogation.
Yes.
The most important thing is to capture this demon child and return him to the case.
The truth is,
the demon king is the one who killed the demon king.
It's just a baby.
Mr. Zhu, you don't have to
be so awkward.
You don't understand.
This little devil
is actually very dangerous.
Little girl,
don't act rashly.
We won't hurt you.
No.
Oh, it's just a bubble.
Wait for me!
Everyone, let's go!
Catch him!
Yes!
I'm going to kill you!
You two are here!
I'll give you a hundred billion!
I'll be mad if I catch Wang Ling!
What if Wang Ling runs away again?
Don't worry.
I asked my grandpa to rush here
and open the protection barrier of the paradise.
Here we go.
She and her blood-thirsty brother
grew tired of looking down on us by now!
🎵
How dare you!
Senior Brother, don't run!
Xiong Rong.
The times we spent together.
The lanterns we lit together.
The meteor shower we watched together.
The difficulties we went through together.
The difficulties we've been through together,
the battles we've been through together,
the promises we made,
have you forgotten them all?
Sirong!
I'm sorry.
No matter how the time goes,
take me with you.
How did the time go back?
Take me to your side.
Are you awake?
Senior Brother...
I'm sorry.
What did I do just now?
This is not your fault.
Bai Zhe has altered the memories of the entire human world.
Yes.
Then what can you do with me?
I have already been born into the Heavenly Realm.
Could it be that you can still come to the Heavenly Realm to stop me?
Heavenly Realm?
Senior Brother Wang, you go.
Hurry and save Senior Brother.
I'll block you from here!
Sister Sun, I'll hold on.
Sister Sun, have you also been betrayed by the human world?
This time, I won't be merciless again!
Where is the good thing about the net order?
Why do you have to fight against everyone for it?
Did you do all this?
It's time to settle the score.
Wang Li, what are you doing?
I'm moving.
The entrance to the Sky-Dive Space has been closed.
How did you get in?
The Heavenly Rope...
My closet will open and you can use it.
What are you kidding?
I've been here for thousands of years to come here.
But, it doesn't matter.
Now that I've absorbed the Seven Great Heavenly Ropes,
I'm invincible!
You're saying it's meaningless?
I'm here.
Nuannuan, do you want to fight with me?
No.
Are you ready to fight the anger of the former king?
My lovely little sister
Please don't be afraid, I'm here
I have the gentleness to protect you
Give you unlimited freedom
I will do everything for you
It's like a moment of silence
Life is full of legends
Let every star play for you with love
Let you understand
You are the first one in my heart
Let you rely on me
You are the happiest baby
When you are careful
I will give you comfort
The taste of the ordinary time
The dark starry sky shines for you
Like a big river
Let you no longer be alone
The starlight ignites the light for you
Shining the most brilliant fantasy
The universe is in a panic
I will keep you by my side
The stars are twinkling
I help you to get back
I am in your heart
The one and only picture
It's all about you
The vast galaxy is shining for you
The great galaxy
When you are no longer lonely
The starlight is lit for you
The greatest glory of the shining
Universe's phoenix
I will keep you by my side